Fix README, log message. Delete redandunt config item in test (#10)
StudistCorporation/fluent-plugin-timestream: README.md

## Note
The plugin converts `null` values in the log to empty string.  
e.g. `{key_name: null}` => `{key_name: ""}`  
  

> When write Timestream records, TimeUnit is always set `SECONDS`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing Timestream records, `TimeUnit` is always set to `SECONDS`  
```

> Configure multiple MeasureName is not supported.

Author: Timestreamとしては TimeUnit は ミリ秒なども設定出来ますが、プラグインとしては SECONDS のみ現在対応してます。
MeasureName は用途によっては複数指定出来た方が良いと思われますが、今の所一つしか指定できません。

> Configure multiple MeasureName is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring multiple `MeasureName`s is not supported.
```
